# Loops-and-Literarion

                                     _______________________Summary ___________________

          The Soc Analyst needs to seperate the two, internal and external IPs, so that they can quickly find the location of the attack and start the mitigation without much, if any, down time of the networks. It is one of the fundamental steps of  the security operator's environment. Without the seperation, the analyst could waste valuable time in mitigating the attack. The seperation allows the analyst to quickly identify if the attack is external or  internal, which could damage the organizations networks, their devices, and stolen personal identifiable information, not only of the professional employees but any of the clientale's PII that the organization may have in the networks database.
          Not only is the seperation of the two, internal and external IPs neccessary the script that is written to seperate the two IPs must be done correctly to avoid system glitches and misbehaving applications and technical devices that are governed by the organization.According to Gemini, the most dangerous senario is the miswritten script, it could lead to an analyst egnoring, what seems to be a minor technical malfunction, but in fact it really was a major security breach , all due to the fact that the script was written incorrectly and the system mistook the threat as an internal incident instead of the actual external attack.
          If the number of IPs were to be in the thousands or more you would need a different script than this one, which included only five or so IPs. The trouble is if  you tried to load thousands even several hundred IPs, it would cause problems with using all of your your RAM'S Memory. So, for hundreds even thousands of IPs, you would need to scale the script to read each IP line by line and script it to seperate the internal from the external IPs and maybe even scripot it to file them into a new folder with files on the two in their own sperate files within the new folder. When you write your script have it look for certain dangerous criteria's or unusal events, such as extreme amount of traffic to and from the servers and the internal or external IP addresses, or unauthorized logins or attempted and faild logins.This would save on your Rams Memory and keep the usage very low. The script would save many man hours that could be considered "lost-time" because of an actual script that was incorrectly written. Also if the script were to print every Ip to the screen, it would become just a blur of text, maybe even confusing the SOC Analyst instead of helping. So, remember always check your scripts before relying solely upon them. 
          This assignment got me really excited and I have enjoyed the tasks very much.
